This is what I have for you. I
want to show you, starting off, one of the
prophetic words that I've given you all
in prayer was about the fish. Do you
remember I said I saw the fish
rolling in on the waves?
Whenever I was seeing, I saw thousands of
fish rolling in, and I said they're
coming up from the water. I don't
know what caused this, but I could just
see them, and as they were coming in, they
were on the shore. There were so
many of them, and the
Lord told me it's going to stink because
there were so many dead fish. Well, one
of my viewers—I don't know if it was
Facebook—somebody
sent this and said, "Hey,
did you see all the dead fish
from the lake? It wasn't from the ocean,
but this is what's
happening."I
don't know what would cause this.
They're saying there are pockets
where
the oxygen in the water is causing
them to die, and all this
stuff, right?
But I was seeing all the fish rolling in
on the waves.
So, this is what I saw.
I wanted Braden to play this
little clip for y'all.
Do you see all these dead fish? Can they
see all these dead fish? This is
serious. I don't know what would cause
all that, but they're saying maybe
oxygen. They don't know what's in the
water, but something's causing all these
fish. But this is what the Lord was
showing me—another glimpse into the
future. And the Lord's warning us of
things. I even saw this in
California, all up the coast, all over
Oregon, all over the area—major fish
coming in by the thousands, tens of
thousands dead on the top of the water.
And that right there is exactly what I
was shown. Just like that. And it is
nasty. But I was like, isn't that
amazing? And they don't know what's
coming. Maybe they do now. This video is
a couple days old as I receive this, but
I just thought of the prophetic side of it,
that as watchmen, the Lord shows us
what's coming and we pray over things.
It's pretty amazing how fast things are
happening. It's not like
before, where we always talked about how things would
happen and we would see them,
but
it would take weeks, months, or years for
stuff to manifest. Now it's
happening in days.
Yes!
And I'm like, "Wow, Lord, look at
the
signs
of
the
times."You
can stop it if you want to. So then
the other part was praying over the
escalation of war. I heard it again.
So I'll go over my visitation
experience, what happened in my sleep
out of nowhere. I mean, this is like
5:00
in the morning. I wake up, and I feel the
Holy Ghost and fire all over my body.
As I
breathe in, I feel the anointing and the
power of the Holy Spirit just flowing
through me. And all of a
sudden—this
is what's interesting—it wasn't a
dream, but it was a night vision.
That's the only way... I've never had
this before, but I was
asleep, you know, in between sleep
and awake. And I'm seeing,
and He says to me, "Brandon, I'm
asking you to help me with
something."And
I paused. I said,
because
I'm asleep,
"Lord,
what can I
help you
with?"And
He said, "There's a
youth
group across the street."And I
saw the youth group, and He said,
"There's a young man that's going to be
coming to this youth group
whom
I'm calling into
ministry. I want him to be in
ministry. There's a call
on his life, but he doesn't
know me yet.
Pray for this young man."And I could
see this young man. He
looked like a football player,
and it's an actual
person—I
know that for a fact now after
the Lord showed me. So the
Lord had me praying for this young man,
and He said, "I want him to come over to
the youth group across the street during
the fall,
and I've asked other people to do what
I'm asking you to do, but they've all
told me
no."I
had saved some money. I told
Diana we've been saving because we
want to remodel our house, but we don't
tell everybody because we don't believe
in debt. We do Financial Peace
University. We believe in
not borrowing money as much as possible.
If you have to in an emergency, you
know, but we believe in paying cash for things.
That's just the way we've
always lived. We don't believe in credit
cards. We don't believe in things like
that. We don't borrow;
we're not slave to the
lender.
The only thing is like our
student loans or whatever, but I'm just
saying paying things down deliberately,
living by faith. So
we wanted to fix up our bathrooms
and do things around our house, so we
have our own little account. We've
been putting money in there, and we got
it up because we had a guy come
out and say, "Hey, this is what it's
going to cost to remodel it all, fix
up your bathrooms, and update
everything."We
were really excited about it.
It's something private we had between us
that
we don't talk about. So we put some
money back—kept putting money back—and the
account was
getting really big. We were
excited about it because we had the
money to redo what we wanted
to
have redone. Then we had the
leak happen in our house, and
we were believing God
for stuff, you know. Well, we put the
money back and
we didn't say anything, but
we were right at that point. And the
Lord said to me,
"Brandon, I've asked these people to
help me. I know it's above what you
tithe, and I know it's above what I've
already asked you to do, but could you
help with the youth building
that they're trying to
build?"I
said, "Woo, that's hard."I said,
"Lord, I told you
I'll do anything you ask me to
do,"but
my flesh was irritated, just
being real, because I worked so hard to
save that money. I told Him,
"My flesh is annoyed, but I told
you I would do anything you
ever asked me to do, so I'll do
it."And
instantaneously,
you deal with...
I'm just like
anybody, y'all, I deal with
the
flesh too. My flesh was like,
"That's my money I've saved.
And you're asking me to give
that?"He
said, "I desire it to be done before
the fall. I need help. Would you
help me?"So I told Diana. And Diana,
always sweet Diana, goes, "If
that's what the Lord is saying, let's
just do it."I wanted her
to be like, "No, we're not doing
that."I
thought, "I can blame it on her,
Lord. See, she said no,
it's her
fault."But
she was
so nice about it and said, "Well, if that's
what the Lord is saying, honey,
let's just do it."I thought, "Please
don't say
that."I
was really mad at her
then, I really was, because I wanted
to have a scapegoat and say,
"You know what, Diana? I don't
blame you. It's all right,"and then go,
"God, it's her problem,
she's the one that did
it."That's
just where I was, just being real,
okay? I'm just being real. And so,
when she said it so nicely, I was just like,
"Okay, flesh. Okay,
flesh."Thank
you, God, for an obedient wife
who
loves the Lord. She had
a good attitude about it; my attitude
was
still stinky. I prayed
over it for the whole day.
Then
I reached out to the pastor, and I
was trying to give hints: "Hey, do you
like going out to eat? Do you like going
to this certain place?"and he acted
like he was too busy and didn't want
anything to do with it. So I thought,
"Well, there's a closed door.
There's a closed door."Because I felt
inside that I was going to be obedient, but if
he says no, then it's not God. I'm
not going to give that money then.
And so it's not funny. It's really real.
And so I say, "Hey, do you like
going to Wild Fork? Do you want to go
out to eat?"He didn't respond, "Oh
yeah, it's a good place to
eat."But
never anything else. I thought, "Okay,
close call. It's not like I had to give
it."It
just, you know, we
tell you these things. I'm
trying to help y'all; it's helping me
help. So,
to make a long story short, I get up and
it's Sunday morning and the Lord
said, "Not only do I want you to give
the money, but this time I don't want
you to hand it to them to hand to
the pastor personally and give them
this check. You are to try to
deflect the glory."And he
corrected me on some things. This is
where I'm going to go with it. He said,
"This is not to give you glory about how
much money you're going to give to the
youth program for this
building. I want you to do this
privately, and I want you to put it in
the bucket and just let that check sit
in that bucket,
and you're not going to get any man's
praise at all. Not a thank you
from them personally, like, 'Please
pray over this
seed.'Do
you understand? This is a huge deal for
us."And
so my flesh was like—when he
said that, I was even more disturbed. I
went, "Are you kidding
me?"So,
I sat on the back row like I always do,
and that bucket came by. And I was like,
"I'm looking for a Holy Ghost choir, like
an Abraham experience saying, 'Don't
kill the son. It's
okay. I've heard the angel
come.'You're
looking for
the angel to say—the parting of
the sky and looking for the angel to
go, 'It's okay. You don't have to give
it. I see your
heart.'"But
that didn't happen.
It didn't happen. And as I put that
money in the bucket, I saw it go down
the aisle and I was looking at it. I
followed
that usher all the
way down to the end of the thing where he
was
taking it up to the altar. And I
sitting there watching that usher as
close as I could. And I knew where my
bucket was. And I was watching it, and
the Lord said, "Brandon, let it
go."I
said, "Oh, Father, I give unto you.
I don't give it to
man."And
as I did it, I did it by faith. But
the thing was,
the Lord was showing me there are so
many times
we're asking to go to the next level,
but we don't want to let go of what was
past and what we had. But if you
want to go to the next level with the
Father, it takes sacrificial giving. It
takes the extra. How
big is your want-to? How bad do you want
change to come in your life, even if
it's painful? Does that make sense?
That's where it wasn't me. He asked for
a lot, but every seed produces
after its own kind. And
seedtime
and harvest doesn't cease. And if you
want to go to a next level, you've got
to sow in a level that you've never
given before.
You've given at these levels and you've
been faithful with it, but I'm trying to
take you somewhere deeper and bigger.
And I said in my heart, then there
are
situations inside of me of what
I'm believing for from Megan.
I'm putting a mandate on the seed. I'm
calling my seed, naming my seed
of what I'm believing for.
Not just material for a bathroom remodel
or whatever, but for exceedingly
abundantly above all that you dare ask
or think in these last
days—for
impartation, for the anointing,
for finances, for whatever we're
believing for for our own ministry, as
you sow into the young man that the Lord
gives me the picture of and says, "This
is what I desire."And then he spoke to
me.
He said, "I told you I'm coming.
The urgency is not there with my
body."I
said, "Well, Lord, I know you tell me
all the time you're coming. We tell
the people through the channel; I warn
them."He
said, "But the urgency...
Do you know I'm
coming?"I
said, "Yes, Lord, I thought I
did. I've said it
enough."But
as I keep praying over it and he
shows me, he said, "Great war is
coming."I
saw great war. He said, "Do you
understand great war is coming? You're
running out of time for what I've called
you to do. Out of all these people,
obedience to be quick to obey. Be quick
to obey."And I was quick within a
window. I was quick, but in my
flesh, like I said, I was
squirming like a worm.
But I did it.
But it's not always easy to do what your
flesh doesn't want to do. And sometimes I
said, "Lord, I know the Bible says to be
willing and obedient, you'll eat the
good of the land."And I'm trying so
hard to be willing and obedient,
even whenever I'm
dealing with flesh.
But after he showed me the young man and
the youth coming across the
street getting saved, he said,
"I'm asking for my people to help me, but
there's not many."And he said,
"Brandon, I knew you
would."I
felt ashamed, even with my attitude.
Something so materialistic when
it's just the Father wanting you to help,
and he asks you so politely, "Would
you please help me?
I need help. I desire for these
young kids to come across the street to
this new youth facility, and
that's what's going to attract them to
come over here and be curious about what
I'm doing across the street, to draw them
in with the new
net."And
yeah, it's a sacrifice for you, but
I'm looking for his heart.
And I don't know, ladies and
gentlemen. It's just I'm trying
to tell you what I'm dealing with.
It sounds probably so fleshy to
some of you, and it's like, "Oh, Brandon,
grow up."But it's
something that I deal with, and I'm just
really transparent.
But in the part
of just doing the sacrifice and
going from glory
to glory, because the Lord's saying
acceleration's coming. He keeps talking
to me about everything's going to change
in this 24-hour period. Everything will
change, Brandon. Everything that you've
ever known is about to change. The world
is going to go into birthing pains like
you've never seen before. It's not going
to be like
Christianity normal. It's going to be
Christianity, but not normal. What's
about to happen, folks—we're about to
see things we've never seen before. We
can see it.
Earthquakes, volcanoes. Look at Russia,
they
had another one, seven point something
yesterday. And the Lord said, "Watch the
Ring of Fire."Watch it for what?
And Braden made a short about it. He
said, "What's happening in the natural,
Daddy?"We
talked
about—he
brought that out again. He said,
"Remember what you prophesied about
this? What's happening in the natural is
going to happen in the spiritual. A
shaking in the natural, a shaking in the
spiritual, which is going to bring forth
the major revival."And he showed
his
short to me. I go, "I forgot the Lord
said that."I said, "That's really cool,
Braden."So,
he showed it to me and I
was excited about it, because I'm telling
y'all, I keep seeing an escalation of
things for a major revival, a major
shaking on the Ring of Fire over Asia.
"Look and keep watching and praying over
Asia, for I've not forgotten my Asian
people."And
I said, "Well, what's that have to
do with Russia?""Well, Dad, part of
Russia is part of Asia."And I went,
"Well, duh."But I thought that was kind
of cool. Eastern Asia or
whatever.
Yeah, Eastern Russia.
Up there. And he
said, "That's part of
Asia."And
I thought, "Well, yeah, isn't that
amazing?"A
shaking in Russia. And even in the
word that was given, he said, "A
shaking in Russia, a major move of
God in Russia, a major move of God in
Japan, a major move of God in China, a
major move of God in South Korea.
I'm bringing down the Iron Curtain in
North Korea, and I'll reach my people of
North Korea."I'm giving you a window of
opportunity, a short window, to reach
the people of North Korea, for the Iron
Curtain will not stay down for very
long. But when this window of
opportunity opens, it will be flooded. And I'm
going to give it to you, and many
people will be born again in this timeframe.
And
it will spread, and
I'm telling you, over Africa... I've
seen a major harvest of souls over
Africa, all throughout South America,
and
all throughout Europe.
Number one, it wasn't number
three. What I'm going to say today,
Diana said, 'Did you see the pope says
he wants revival with the
youth?'This
is exactly what I saw. I saw the pope
going through and trying to bring in the
younger generation because the Catholic
Church was dying with the older
generation, trying to bring in the
younger crowd. 'How do we get the young
ones in?'Because the older ones,
the gray-haired people, are going home to
be with the Lord. They're going home;
the people are dying. And he said, 'How
do we bring in the young
ones?'And
I saw a South Korean flag,
and I thought, 'This is exactly what
the Lord told me: a revival.'And He
said, 'Pray for the harvest of souls
over Rome, over Italy, and over
these areas for
a major move of God in the Catholic
Church.'A
major move of God in the
Catholic Church. There are 1.4 billion
people in the Catholic Church, and I
thought, what a time to have a
major revival, an awakening unto God in
the Catholic Church and all these other
churches that are associated. Because I
was talking to our pastor and
talking about this window
of what the Lord was showing me about
Adam's lease coming up
and believing for that coming from Rosh Hashanah
to Rosh Hashanah,
to believe for
this window of opportunity that God's
given us. We're at that
point of the waterfall, we're
right there, but bringing the church
together as a whole: the Baptists, the
Methodists, the Catholics, the
Charismatics, the Episcopalians,
whoever. I mean, all of us all together
being a body, and I saw it was like at
war times, a shaking in the church like
we've never seen before. And I'm telling
you all, there's a storm. There's a
storm, and the Lord keeps talking about
this storm to me over and over
again. A major wake-up call, major
things. And some people say,
'Brandon,
are you focused on fear?'No, I'm
not focused on fear. I'm not afraid at
all. I'm looking at Him, staying
vertical, and doing what He's asked me
to do. Even when it's painful, like my
story—it's
painful to the
flesh—but
just doing what He's asked
you to do. And I'm trying to tell
y'all to go to the next level.
If you
be willing and obedient, you'll eat the
good of the land. If you are obedient to
what God has called you to do, it's not
always going to be comfortable to your
flesh.
But the test He's talking
about—because
I said, 'Where are You at in
this?'He
said, 'Brandon, I'm silent.
It's
a test. I'm testing to see what
you're going to do. Are you going to do
what I told you to do?'It's quiet
in there
when you're at school and
you're taking the test. It's quiet in
there because there wasn't the holy
angel choirs I was looking for, or even a
really good word, a prophetic word,
a
splitting of the... 'Okay, You're going to
download something to me
now.'Nothing.
Shh. Quiet during the test.
So many people don't pass the test
because of lack of obedience to
what He's called you to do. And that's
what He said: 'If you're asking Me for so
much, how did you think you were going to
get there?
You're asking Me for so much, Brandon.
How did you think you were going to get
there?'It's
acceleration,
acclimation,
acceleration, acclimation. You go
from glory to glory. He's changing us,
changing us. And then He said to me, when
I told you I got that—and I'll even tell
you the amount, I have no shame about
it—I
had it from one preacher. He
said to me, 'I want to bless
you with this.'No, the Lord said,
'Don't do that.'He said, 'I want to
bless you with this.'He said, 'Don't accept
that money.'Remember I told you all
that? And He said, 'I don't want you to
do that. I don't want you to accept
that.'And
He said, 'I don't want
you to take that. There are doors that
I'm telling you to walk
through where I'm standing on the other
side of them, but there are some doors
where
I'm not there, Brandon. They'll
present themselves to you, but you only
go through the doors that I tell you to
go through.
Only follow the voice of
God.'But
instantaneously, whenever He tests you
about a gift and says, 'Don't
accept that.
Don't take that,'and I'm like, 'Well,
Lord, that's a blessing. I'd like to
receive that.''No, give it
back.'Okay.
Then He comes to you in your sleep and
says,
'I want you to give the biggest
gift you've ever given,'and all of it in
the same week. And you're going, 'Dear
Lord, You're stretching me, but You're
asking for so much.
You're asking me for so
much.'You
have to level up. It's like you
do
in a game: you level up, and
you go from glory to glory. You
level up, and you're
able to handle more and more as you
accelerate with the Lord. Does that make
sense, what I'm trying to tell you all? I
hope so. I try to get out as best I
can what I'm feeling in my spirit to
warn you all about today.
Whenever you're asking the Father for
something and you're wanting to go to
the next level, He puts you
through a test.
Yes,
He puts you through a test. We go from
glory to glory. He's changing us, and
we're on that potter's wheel, and He's
pushing. It doesn't always feel comfortable when He's
pushing on it,
but
I want to pass the first time. I
don't want to wait, because you don't know when
the next time is coming
around.
You
might
say,
'Well, you failed
that test,'but just
because you fail a test... It's not like
schools nowadays where if you fail,
they just keep passing you because they
don't want to deal with you.
The thing is, God says
you're going to pass this test, and
you're going to pass it or you're not
going to the next level. And your flesh
is going, 'Well, you know, can I just
slide by?'No, there's no sliding by
in the spirit realm. People ask for
so much, and they go, 'Well, Brandon, how
did you qualify? How did you get
there?'But
they don't know the sacrifice; they
don't understand. This is just one thing
that I'm open with right now,
just one thing that I'm willing to talk
about. There are years of this to the
point where I told Diana, 'We
should be getting better at this by now.
We should be getting
better at
this.'You
start recognizing the tests.
Yep, you start recognizing the tests.
That's exactly right. And not
all of it is a financial test.
No,
sometimes it's just
dealing with people. And when He
tells you, 'I want you to do this. I
want you to pray. I want you to do
certain things,'I'm like, 'But these
people didn't like me before,'you know,
and you go, 'These people don't like
me.'You
know, people don't realize that
I walk with a prophetic slant, and I'm
able to see deep inside some folks.
The Lord allows me to
see
things, but He tells me, 'I want you to
pray for them and be nice to them.'And I
think, 'But I see this,'and He says, 'But you are to
walk in love.'But I
said, 'But the leadership doesn't like me.''But I want you to walk in
love.
It doesn't matter what I show you; it's
for you to pray.'And His warnings... and there
are
some things I see, and
they think, 'Well, that's just the
devil messing with you.'And I'm like, 'No,
that's not the devil; that's a prophetic
eye.'I'm
able to see into depth, and it's
not bragging on Brandon—I'm going to
tell you that, for one, it's not
bragging on Brandon, it's bragging on
Jesus. And I'm telling you all, the
closer
you get to Him, He'll show you
the secret things: conversations, things
like that. He'll let you in
to warn you, prepare you, prepare your
heart, who is for
you, who is
not for you, who
is
against you, you know
those things. It's important, but it's
how you go from glory to glory.
Well, at
least with my—the gift that God's put on
me. Everybody's different.
So, I don't
know, these are parts of the
things I had for y'all today because
this is what I've been dealing with this
week.
Just things that I'm dealing with. But
whenever He shows you the harvest, and He
shows you war coming, and to pray
over this—rice-paper thin, as Trump says,
"We're sending two nuclear subs into
there."I
told y'all,
"We're going to send two nuclear subs to
flex."I
said, "Don't poke the bear.
Handle the bear with care."This is
exactly what the Lord was showing me:
handle the bear with care. Don't
stiff-arm
him. Don't do these things, because
you don't know. Well, our military
intelligence tells us... That's what the
Lord says: "You don't know what you're
talking about,"because I saw in the
shadows North Korea. I saw Cuba. I saw a
plan that they did not know. And I can't
go into it because the Lord told me I
can't say what was in the meeting. But
I've already seen a meeting. I was in
the meeting in the spirit. And the Lord
told me, "Pray over this. This is
serious."Do
you understand? It's rice-paper thin
for a major escalation of WW3.
And you say, "Well, this is
WW4."I
don't care what World War it is. It's a major
WW, and it has
the potential—a
lot of people have the
potential to go home. Australia will be
involved. I saw it escalating beyond,
out of control,
and this little
going back and forth of what we see
now of Russia and Ukraine.
How a lot of people went home, but
this has the potential to be a powder
keg.
And the Lord said, "You must
pray."So
that's why we're here today, not to hear
me talk. But we have to
take communion first before I ever start
praying.
How many people here now?
3,500.
All right. Well, I appreciate all 3,500
of you being here. I
have one, too.
Yes, of course.
Father, we just thank You, Lord, for
Your body that was broken for us. Thank
You, Father, for all that
You're stretching us and You're
growing us, and we're becoming
more and more every single day.
We decrease so that You increase. And I
thank You, Father, that
we've done what You've asked us to do,
and we do it with boldness. And I thank
You, Father, with clarity. And I thank
You, Father, that we hear Your voice, and
a stranger's voice we will not follow.
And I thank You, Father, for all that
You've done for my family and all that
You continue to do. But Father, over
this atmosphere right now, before we step
into this spirit, I feel that
prayer is coming
in.
Yeah,
me too.
The Holy Spirit is so wonderful.
As we plead the blood over this
atmosphere, Father, I thank You,
Lord, that we hear You and we don't hear
any strangers'voices. I plead the blood
over this atmosphere today, Father. And
I thank You, Father, that no weapon
formed against us will prosper. I plead
the blood over my spiritual ears and
over my spiritual eyes. And I thank You,
Lord, that I am not snared
by any satanic or demonic force. I plead
the blood, and I submit myself to You,
Father.
And I thank You, Father, for how good
You have been to me and my wife,
Diana,
and my children. And I plead the blood
all around us today. And we thank You,
Father, for what You're going to show
us. And if there's anything we can see
to help You, Father, we're here to help
You,
Father, to pray it out in the spirit to
bring it forth in the natural. I thank
You, Father, that that's why we're here.
We take this body right now, and we
thank You, Lord, that You died for us.
You rose again, and we're healed by Your
stripes. I thank You, Father, that we're
healed by Your stripes. We're healed,
every one of us, from the top of our head
to the soles of our feet, we're covered
in the name of Jesus. And we thank You,
Lord.
We take the blood now. Lord, we apply
the blood, and we make much of the blood
today. And we thank You, Lord, that we
stay current with You with all that You've
called us to do. That we don't stay on
yesterday's manna. We don't stay on
yesterday's wine, filling up our
wineskins
with new wine. Father, I thank
You, Lord, that we refuse to stay where we
were five years ago, telling the same
stories. Father, we thank You that it's
going from glory to glory. That God,
You've
got new stories and new encounters with
You. Father, I thank You that the
urgency of the hour is to tell the
people that Jesus is coming.
Jesus is coming, and we must get our
hearts right before Him. And we plead
the blood right now in the name of
Jesus. And we thank You, Lord, for the
blood that covers us from the top of our
head to the soles of our feet. And we
make much of the blood today in
Jesus'name.
Thank You, Lord.
Now we're ready to jump in the river.
I do not do that until I take communion
first. I'm telling y'all, it works.
If you want to go closer to the
Lord, you take communion before you
pray and you jump in that river. But I
jump in it clean.
Yes,
I'm just saying I jump in clean.
You want
something to drink?
No, I have my drink, my tea.
Well, Father, we just worship You.
Open the eyes of my heart, Lord.
Open the eyes of my heart. I want to see
You.
I want to see You.
Open the eyes of my heart, Lord.
Open the eyes of my heart. I want
to see You.
I want to see You.
To see You high and lifted up,
shining in the light of Your glory.
Pour out Your power and love as we sing
holy, holy, holy.
High and lifted up,
shining in the light of Your glory.
Pour out Your power and love as we sing
holy, holy, holy,
Lord. We thank You, Lord. We thank You,
Lord, that You open the eyes of our
heart today. You open the eyes of our
heart, Lord, because we want to see You.
We sit at Your feet. We just
pull up our chair at Your table, and we
thank You, Lord, that You show us that
which is to come. We yield ourselves over
to You, Holy Spirit, that You pray
through us.
Father, we worship You today. We worship
You. Come glorify Your name.
We glorify Your name.
We glorify
Your name
in all the earth.
We glorify
Your name.
Your name
in all the earth.
Holy Spirit,
we love you. We praise you. We adore
you. We glorify
Your name in all the earth.
We glorify
Your name.
Your name in all the earth.
We magnify
Your name.
Your name in all the earth.
Oh Lord, we thank You for this time of
worship and praise.
We thank You, Lord, for we have the
opportunity to tell You thank You again
for all that You've done and all that
You've yet to do. For we will not allow
the rocks to do our job today. For You
said, if we don't praise You, the rocks
will cry out. And I refuse to let a
rock do my job.
We magnify Your name.
We magnify
Your name.
We magnify Your name in all the earth.
Father, we thank You, Lord. We thank
You, Lord. Oh, Father, we worship You.
We give You praise and glory today for
all that You've done and all that You've
yet to do. Oh God, we give You praise,
Father,
for You inhabit the praises of Your
people.
We do it with all our hearts from glory
to glory. You're changing us.
I remember
whenever I heard it, just
a couple videos ago when I started
singing that song, that I heard it
through heavens, they were singing with
us. His likeness and image to perfect in
me. The love of God shown to the world.
For He's changing,
He's changing me from earthly things to
the heavenlies. His likeness and image
to perfect in me. The love of God shown
to the world. From glory to glory, He's
changing me.
His likeness and image to perfect in me.
The love of God shown to the world. For
He's changing, He's changing me from
earthly things to the heavenlies.
Father, we thank You, Lord,
His likeness and His image to perfect in
me. The love of God shown to the world.
Thank you, Father. Thank you, Lord.
Glory to God. Glory to God. Thank you,
Lord.
It's waiting. You wait on it. I'm
waiting on that pool. You wait on
the pool. You understand? And then what?
And then all of a sudden, it'll be
your timing. You jump in that river.
But you get there first by worship.
You get there first by praise and then
you jump in the river, you know, but I
don't do it unless I feel that
Holy Ghost pull
and you jump in the river, you go
tubing, you understand? But you
wait on it. Those that wait on the Lord.
Father, I thank you, Lord.
The clock ticks.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that we don't
bend to the pressure of time concerning
our lives. Father, we have so many
things. We take the care out of our
prayer today. Like Pastor Chip was
saying, do you take the care out of your
prayer? We refuse to let the care of all
that we see, all the things we see of
the end times, choke
the life out of us. We refuse to
take the care of what's going on
in these end times. It's not ours to
carry. We keep our eyes on Jesus
today. And that's what we have to keep.
We keep our eyes on him, for he knows
what we have need of before we even ask.
So many people
say,
'Father, I need healing. I need
deliverance. I need all these
things.'Everything
is done at the cross. He paid
the price for every single one of us to
walk in victory today. He paid the
price. We receive it by faith. I resist
sickness. I resist poverty. I resist
lack and not enough and barely getting
by. I resist it in the name of Jesus.
And I receive everything the Lord has
for me. I receive it. I believe it with
my arms wide open. Lord, you've
already taken care of all that I need.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that I'm
wall-to-wall Holy Ghost. He dwells on the
inside of me. I'm filled with and controlled
by the Holy Ghost today. I say all these
things. You say, 'Father, I thank you,
Lord. I pray what's
happening in my natural
out of the spirit, and I get it in the
natural. Thank you, Lord, that it
manifests in my life today. Everything I
pray, everything I'm believing for,
Father, has an expiration date. And I
call that expiration date to happen
today in the name of Jesus. Today is my
day of my breakthrough.'Father, I thank
you, Lord, that it's a time for
seedtime
and harvest to be accelerated. See,
I feel it right then. It's a time for
seedtime
and harvest to be accelerated.
Father, for it will not be seed,
long-time
harvest, but Father, the sowers and
the reapers are going to go hand in
hand. Father, I thank you, Lord, that
the time of what we're believing for, we
call it out of the
spirit realm right now into the natural.
And I say in the name of Jesus, money
come forth, blessing and increase,
multiplication and favor. Everything we
put our hands to, Father, I thank you,
Lord, that there'll be favor. Father, I
thank you that every door
we touch will open up with the Holy
Ghost and fire, Father, with favor
there in the name of Jesus,
that we don't lack any good thing. We'll
not suffer any loss. Father, we're going
to be exceedingly abundantly above all
that we dare ask or think, God.
Supernatural abundance is on our
households now. Father, I thank you,
Lord, from the north, the south, the
east, the west. I thank you, Lord, that
the angels are bringing forth my money
in Jesus'name. Everything I have need
of, God, I thank you, Lord, that you
said you'd provide it. God, I thank you
for it. Now, that's what you do for your
finances, you say the same thing.
Father, he's a God that's more than
enough. He's a God that's more than
enough. And Father, I thank you for
creative ideas to get wealth. Father, I
thank you, Lord, for supernatural
impartation. Father, if you'd speak to
Bill Gates or all these
other people that don't know you, how to
create computers and everything, divine
wisdom on your body,
that it won't be that, well, there's not
many
people I can come to because they
don't have it, and then if I ask them
they say no. There's a bunch of us out
there that, Father, if you get them the money,
they'll say yes. 'Yes, Lord, here am I. Yes,
Lord, here am I.'Even if their flesh
squirms, 'Yes, Lord, here am
I.'That's
where we want to be in this
end-time
harvest. Do you understand? The
Lord told me, he said, 'I'm bringing the
wealth of the wicked, laid up for the
righteous, for the ones that will
listen.
But he'll test you to make sure you can
handle it. Will you do what I tell you
to do with it? Will you do what I
tell you to do with
it?'Yes.
Yes. 'Yes, Lord. Here am I, Lord. Send
me. Yes, Lord. Here am I. Send
me.'And
this is so important that we
practice what we preach.
You can say a whole lot, but you got to
practice what you preach. Do what
you said you're going to do.
Don't just tell somebody
you're going to do it, and then when your
number
comes up and it's time
for
you to do it, you say, 'Well, you
know,
no.'Do
what you say you'll do and do
what you say you believe. Be a
believing believer that acts on what you
believe,
not being in all this other stuff.
That's what the Lord told me.
It's time for you to get
to
where the rubber meets the road.
What do you really believe? When you
see, you know, it's like I heard one
preacher say, 'Well, I don't believe
in healing.'Well, you
haven't been sick enough. 'I don't
believe that Jesus is a
healer.'Well,
you haven't been sick enough.
You might not have
stage four cancer with four days to
live. Do you understand? Those people
are believing for a miracle.
They're desperate. They're desperate.
But until, 'Well, I don't believe God
is going to provide. I don't believe
it.'Well,
until you've been there and you
haven't had food on your table, that's
true poverty. When you don't have food,
you don't have a roof
over your head.
Most people that go through what they
have right now, they have
government subsidies or whatever in
America, and they don't have to
go through a lot compared to what they
go through in Haiti
or in some place like that where there's
true poverty and you go, 'Man, we're
starving up in
here,'you
know. And as you can tell, a lot of
us
have plenty to eat. It's not
funny, but I'm just
saying,
the place of desperation. A place of
desperation where you have to have it, where you
say,
'I've got
like hours to live, Lord, and I need
that.'You
know, that's a believing believer
that's
just pulling on it, and
you're desperate. But if the woman
with the issue of blood's faith
made
her whole, your faith will make you whole
today.
You need to know that. He said, 'Daughter,
your faith made you
whole,'and
faith has not
been done away with. And if her faith
made her whole, your faith will make you
whole. Whatever you're believing for
today, you're sitting here watching me.
You could be on your couch
because
you couldn't go to work today and you're
sitting there going, 'Brandon, I'm
watching you.'It's the
middle of the morning, whatever, and 'I'm
overcoming.'You
tuned
into the right place. I feel
a healing anointing on me right now to
tell you it's time to believe God for
your miracle. You may be laying there
all sprawled out, but it's time to praise
him. I told you all a story last video
about how I praised when I was in so much
pain I couldn't even turn, and the Lord
said, 'Worship me. Let your praises
outmatch your prayers.
Let the scale of things
go up over here with praise.'And as I
worshiped and praised, my manifestation
for my leg came in, and it was
supernatural. I'm telling you,
Diana
almost had to carry me, and she was
down the hall. It was awful.
But believe God for the impossible today,
and I'll be there too. I'll agree with
you. Whatever you have
need of right now, Diana and I want to
pray for you that you have it. What do
you believe
God for today that seems
impossible, that you say, "I don't ever
think this is going to have an
expiration date, Brandon"? I'm just
being real with you. We're standing with
Joyce for her kidneys. That lady, she's
always asking for healing. We're
believing God with you, Joyce, that
your kidneys are healed and whole
and well. She lives in Florida. I
believe with all my heart Joyce has an
expiration date for her kidneys being
healed, and it's going to be an end
suddenly.
It's time to believe God for big in
these last days for your finances. You
say, "Well, Brandon, I've always been
poor. My mom and dad were poor. We were
raised poor."Diana, we believe in
the power of a seed. If you have a need,
you sow a seed. And that's just exactly
what we proved this week. If you have a
need, sow a seed. I believe
seedtime
and harvest works.
Yes.
And God gives you wisdom and creative
ideas. It's like we're doing eBay and
Poshmark out of nowhere, we thought of
that
and started doing eBay and Poshmark.
We
started doing it, putting stuff
on there and doing it, and
then whenever it's time to close that
door and you're asking God, it's like
with my dogs. I was raising
puppies forever.
We were raising puppies. Oh, was it
ten
years plus?
Yeah.
We
never had a problem selling them. Never
had a problem giving them to a home of
special needs kids or whoever we had to
adopt one of them.
When the door closed and the Lord said,
"This season's over,"it's just like the brook,
the brook
dried up
overnight.
Overnight. And the Lord said, because we
had all these little puppies and we
couldn't give them away,
"I told you that season was
over."But
see, you camp around
where you were and you think,
"Well, Lord, still if it,
because you have your backup plan.
If this don't work, this is my backup
plan."But
the Lord said,
"I want you to step up to the next level. Are
you
all
in?"And
my heart was,
"I have a backup plan. If this don't
work, I'm going to have this on the side
and I'm going to make sure that
I'm hearing him correctly on
this."And
the Lord says,
"No, there's no backup plan.
Either you're all in or you're
not. Now, I want you to retire
the dogs, give them to homes, and I'll
give you favor to do that. And I want
you to do what I told you to do."And I
thought, "You're asking me to do
something that is very hard."But that's
what I'm talking about. You have to
trust him. And maybe you're in that
transition right now in your life where
he's told you to do something and you're
watching this video right now. You're
watching this livestream and you're
going, "Brandon, I know I've heard God
tell me to do something, but my flesh
is just uncomfortable doing
it."And
as you watch this today, I'm trying
to help you because I've been
there,
because it was a substantial
amount of income for us. And the Lord
said, "I want you to retire that and go
on."I
said, "Oh,
yeah. It's like Paul says, 'I die
daily.'"But
I didn't know there were so
many ways you could die.
Yeah, die daily. It's exactly right. But
he said, "I'll let you and allow you to
keep doing this over here with eBay and
Posh,
but I don't want you to buy any new
inventory."I
said, "Are you kidding me? That's the
lifeblood of this thing.""I want you to
trust me. I'm taking you into full-time
ministry."I
said, "Oh, dear Lord, I'm
not going to start crying about
it.""I'm
going to cry,
too."I
said, "Lord, you stretch me so
much."But
that's what I'm trying to
tell you is that he may tell you to do
something that's very uncomfortable to
your flesh and say, "I want you to
do this, and I've got
something more for you to do,"but you're
reaching out and grabbing a hold
of
something that is blind faith,
just doing what he's asked you to do.
And there are a lot of you out there
right now, I know you're living in the
same circumstance, that God's calling you
to do something by faith. And it may be
uncomfortable to your flesh, and you know
you've heard him. I'm not talking about
presumption. I'm talking about you
know beyond a shadow of a
doubt. You have that still, small voice.
You know the Father's voice and what
he's instructing you to do.
And it just takes that
little oomph to grab
a hold of it. And it's like I heard one
man
say,
"God will open a door and shut a door, but
sometimes it's hell in the
hallways."I
said, "Yeah, I get that, brother,
but he wants to take you from
glory to glory, and that's where the
trust comes
in."When
it comes to Megan, my little girl,
overcoming autism, that's when he says,
"I'm calling you to the healing
ministry."That's
nice. I appreciate that. "But do
you remember the little girl that's
laying in the bed down the
hall?""Yeah,
I do. But I'm asking you to trust
me.
I want you to proclaim and tell people
that I'm coming and that I'm a
healer."That's
really
something. And as you see
her come so far, even in Sunday church
yesterday,
she's sitting in there and yeah, we have
stuff. She's quirky and does some things
in there and makes noises, but we're
there in church.
Seven years!
Seven years, we couldn't even step foot
into a church because of how bad she
was. And we look at where it was to the
point where I begged God. I said, "God,
please open the door. We go to churches,
and family, we watch online all the
time. And Megan is so bad in the natural
that they ask us to leave."And yeah, the
people around us now, I just ignore
them.
I say, "You're the one that chose to sit
on the back row anyway, so go sit on the
front.
There's plenty of chairs up front.
Leave me
alone."But
Megan's in church.
And I'm like, you know, I
remember a time
when we
couldn't go. And I'm not telling you
it's always going to be easy, folks. But
this is how you keep stretching
yourself.
You keep stretching yourself, and he'll
take you to those different
levels.
You're reaching.
The dentist appointment, I was so
excited. Twenty years, never been to the
dentist. Twenty years,
never able to open her mouth and let the
dentist touch her mouth. She would freaking
bite. We took her once, and she
bit the dentist so bad that he said,
"I'll never touch her again because she
tried to take his finger
off."I'm
not kidding. It was bad. He reached
down there to clean that, and she
latched onto his finger, and he was
screaming, and I thought, "Oh my
God."And
I said, "I'm so sorry, sir."And I
thought, "Man, this guy is going to
be upset. He's drawn blood."That's how
bad she bit him. And that didn't go
over too well. Well, we never went back
to the dentist for twenty years.
Well, not then. Okay, so exaggeration,
fifteen
years.
Yeah,
fifteen
years,
never gone. We go to the dentist, and she
opens her mouth, and she was peaceful, and
the lady cleaned her teeth. And she acted
like we were nuts, like, "Oh, you
know, be careful with
her."And
she's looking at me like,
"You're an overprotective father. You're
over the top, sir."And I'm
like, "But you don't understand. You
don't understand. If you put your hand
down there, she's going to bite your
finger off."I mean, you know, seriously.
But please,
after we went to
that Billy Burke
service—and
people go, "Why are you on
Billy Burke's train so much, Brandon?"It was awful. But believe God for the impossible today, and I'll be there too. I'll agree with you. Whatever you have need of right now, Diana and I want to pray for you that you have it. What do you believe God for today that seems impossible, that you say, "I don't ever think this is going to have an expiration date, Brandon"? I'm just being real with you. We're standing with Joyce for her kidneys. That lady, she's always asking for healing. We're believing God with you, Joyce, that your kidneys are healed and whole and well. She lives in Florida. I believe with all my heart Joyce has an expiration date for her kidneys being healed, and it's going to be an end suddenly. It's time to believe God
for big in these last days for your finances. You say, "Well, Brandon, I've always been poor. My mom and dad were poor. We were raised poor."Diana, we believe in the power of a seed. If you have a need, you sow a seed. And that's just exactly what we proved this week. If you have a need, sow a seed. I believe seedtime and harvest works. Yes.
And God gives you wisdom and creative ideas. It's like we're doing eBay and Poshmark out of nowhere, we thought of that and started doing eBay and Poshmark. We started doing it, putting stuff on there and doing it, and then whenever it's time to close that door and you're asking God, it's like with my dogs. I was raising puppies forever. We were raising puppies. Oh, was it
ten years plus? Yeah. We never had a problem selling them. Never had a problem giving them to a home of special needs kids or whoever we had to adopt one of them. When the door closed and the Lord said, "This season's over,"it's just like the brook, the brook dried up overnight. Overnight. And the Lord said, because we had all these little puppies and we couldn't
give them away, "I told you that season was over."But see, you camp around where you were and you think, "Well, Lord, still if it, because you have your backup plan. If this don't work, this is my backup plan."But the Lord said, "I want you to step up to the next level. Are you all in?"And my heart was, "I have a backup plan. If this don't work, I'm going to have this on the side and I'm going to make sure that I'm hearing him correctly on this."And the Lord says, "No, there's no backup plan. Either you're all in or you're not. Now, I want you to retire the dogs, give them to homes, and I'll give you favor to do that. And I want you to do what I told you to do."And I thought, "You're asking me to do something that is very hard."But that's what I'm talking about. You have to trust him. And maybe you're in that transition right now in your life where he's told you to do something and you're watching this video right now. You're watching this livestream and you're going,
"Brandon, I know I've heard God tell me to do something, but my flesh is just uncomfortable doing it."And as you watch this today, I'm trying to help you because I've been there, because it was a substantial amount of income for us. And the Lord said, "I want you to retire that and go on."I said, "Oh, yeah. It's like Paul says, 'I die daily.'"But I didn't know there were so many ways you could die. Yeah, die daily. It's exactly right. But he said, "I'll let you and allow you to keep doing this over here with eBay and Posh, but I
don't want you to buy any new inventory."I said,
"Are you kidding me? That's the lifeblood of
this thing.""I want you to trust me. I'm taking
you into full-time ministry."I said, "Oh, dear Lord,
I'm not going to start crying about it.""I'm going to cry, too."I said, "Lord, you stretch me so much."But that's what I'm trying to tell you is that he may tell you to do something that's very uncomfortable to your flesh and say, "I want you to do this, and I've got something more for you to do,"but you're reaching out and grabbing a hold of something that is blind faith, just doing what he's asked you to do. And there are a lot of you out there right now, I know you're living in the same circumstance, that God's calling you to do something by faith. And it may be uncomfortable to your flesh, and you know you've heard him. I'm not talking about presumption. I'm talking about you know beyond a shadow of a doubt. You have that still, small voice. You know the Father's voice and what he's instructing you to do. And it just takes that little oomph to grab a hold of it. And it's like I heard one man say, "God will open a door and shut a door, but sometimes it's hell in the hallways."I said, "Yeah, I get that, brother, but he wants to take you from glory to glory, and that's where the trust comes in."When it comes to Megan, my little girl, overcoming autism, that's when he says, "I'm calling you to the healing ministry."That's nice. I appreciate that. "But do you remember the little girl that's laying in the bed down the hall?""Yeah, I do. But I'm asking you to trust me. I want you to proclaim and tell people that I'm coming and that I'm a healer."That's really something. And as you see her come so far, even in Sunday church yesterday, she's sitting in there and yeah, we have stuff. She's quirky and does some things in there and makes noises, but we're there in church. Seven years! Seven years, we couldn't even step foot into a church because of how bad she was. And we look at where it was to the point where I begged God. I said, "God, please open the door. We go to churches, and family, we watch online all the time. And Megan is so bad in the natural that they ask us to leave."And yeah, the people around us now, I just ignore them. I say, "You're the one that chose to sit on the back row anyway, so go sit on the front. There's plenty of chairs up front. Leave me alone."But Megan's in church.
And I'm like, you know, I remember a time when we couldn't go. And I'm not telling you it's always going to be
easy, folks. But this is how you keep stretching yourself. You keep stretching yourself, and he'll take you to those different levels. You're
reaching. You're reaching. The dentist appointment, I was so excited. Twenty years, never been to the dentist. Twenty years, never able to open
her mouth and
let the
dentist touch her
mouth.
She
would
freaking
bite.
We
took her once, and she bit the dentist so bad that he said, "I'll never touch her again because she tried to take his finger off."I'm not kidding. It was bad. He reached down there to clean that, and she latched onto his finger, and he was screaming, and I
thought, "Oh my God."And I said, "I'm so sorry, sir."And I thought, "Man, this guy is going
to be upset. He's drawn blood."That's how bad she bit him. And that didn't go over too well. Well, we never went back to the dentist for twenty years. Well, not then. Okay, so exaggeration, fifteen years. Yeah, fifteen years, never gone. We go to the dentist, and she opens her
mouth, and
she was peaceful,
and the lady
cleaned her teeth. And she acted
like we were nuts,
like, "Oh, you know,
be careful with her."And
she's looking at me like, "You're
an overprotective father. You're over the
top, sir."And I'm like, "But
you don't understand. You don't understand.
If you put your hand down
there, she's going to bite
your finger off."I mean, you know,
seriously. But please, after we
went to
that
Billy Burke
service—and
people
go,
"Why
are
you
on
Billy
Burke's
train
so
much,
Brandon?"I
just want Him. Even when somebody
cuts me off on the road and you want to
run them off the
road or whatever, you go, "Ah, it's just
a flesh
fart."You've
just got to walk in
love. My brain is laughing
at me. But it's the truth. And
you want to say, "Listen, who's just
being real here?"You know, when you
have a child that's overcoming,
or you need finances, or all this stuff's
going on and you're going, "God, where
are You at?"You know, it's just being
real. He's an ever-present help in a
time of need. He's right there, folks.
But you've just got to tap into it.
You've
got to get in that river and you've got to
flow with Him. You've got to flow with Him.
I'm not saying it's always easy, but you
flow with Him and you keep rowing.
Yes.
I shouldn't be drinking this. This right
here is sparkling water and it makes
me have to burp. I have
to have the other water. Thank you. It's
on live stream; you can't edit it out.
Boy, I've got to have the other water.
Father, we just thank You, Lord. It's
got to be serious, Brandon.
Father, I thank You, Lord.
Father, we just line up with
what You want us to do today. We
don't want to waste these people's time.
So, I'm just going to pray in the Spirit
and see where it leads me. All right.
Well, where the Holy Spirit leads me.
I keep saying it's where the Holy Spirit
leads me in this prayer time. Flow with
Him, flow. And
I believe there are some things the
Lord wants to show us. Okay.
So, Father, we just thank You, Lord, and
I tap right over into that river right
now in the name of Jesus.
Now,
okay, this is the direction the Holy
Spirit just told me to go. Okay, we're
praying for the souls. We're praying for
the souls in Mexico. We're praying for
a great harvest of souls.
We're calling it in right now.
When you're believing with me, you
believe for your unsaved loved ones. As
you're interceding with me, you're going
to pull
them in in the name of Jesus. You're
going to pull them in in
Jesus'name.
Every unsaved loved one right now that's
represented here and all the ones that
are dear to our heart, you're going to
pray. Amen. Right now, we're going to
call
in the lost in the name of Jesus. We
take the lost out from the kingdom of
darkness and we bring them into the
light. For, Satan, you have blinded the
eyes of the unbeliever, and we say in
the name of Jesus, the blinders are
coming off in the name of Jesus. We send
laborers.
We send the laborers. We send the
We send the laborers in the name
of Jesus. We send the laborers out for the
Lord of the harvest, for the harvest is
plentiful and the laborers are few. We
send laborers. We send laborers in the name
of Jesus.
Can these bones live? Yes, Lord. Yes,
Lord. We speak to the dry bones.
We speak to the dry bones. Oh, God. We
speak to the dry bones.
The fervent prayer of the righteous
availeth
much, availeth much.
Not limp-wristed, be strong
with a backbone, call it in. That's what
I'm trying to say. You be bold about what
you're believing for today. I'm calling
them in in Jesus'name. We call in the
lost in Jesus'name. We call the churches
to have fire. We call the church bells to
ring one last time across the land, from
sea to shining sea. I call in the
harvest. I call in the harvest. I call
in the harvest right now in the name of
Jesus. All unsaved loved ones, we call
them in right now in Jesus'name. Satan,
get your hands off of our unsaved loved
ones right now in the name of Jesus.
Father, we thank You, Lord. There will be
a great, great harvest of souls. We call
the great harvest of souls.
Healing
today.
Healing today. Healing today. Healing
today. From the top of their head to the
soles of their feet, healing today.
Everything. Everything. I see
varicose
veins, the
spider veins on your legs being healed
right now in the name of Jesus. I just
saw spider veins. You know, like
the women with the veins. I see
veins with the thin skin being healed
right now in Jesus'name, from the top of
your head to the soles of your feet.
These vein issues, I call these vein
issues healed and whole. I just saw this
in the spirit while I'm praying, and the
Lord said, "I'm healing these vein issues
from this person."I believe it's a
woman, and
I hear the name Mary. Mary,
we call you healed. We
call them well. We call them well. I
call them well. And if you don't have
that name, that's fine; you just receive
it right where you are. But I'm talking
about this one individual person. And I
see this woman.
Heart conditions. Heart conditions. I
see a heart right now. I see a vision of
a heart, and the valves of a heart being
healed right now, being healed right
now. I call that heart healed and whole
and well in the name of Jesus. All
through that heart, all through those
valves, we call it. You feel fire on
your chest right now. You'll feel fire.
I call the heart healed and whole
and well in the name of Jesus. God's
doing like a roar through your veins.
God's doing a roar. He's cleaning all
those veins. He's cleaning all those
arteries. He's cleaning all the plaque
right now in the name of Jesus. We call
healing and wholeness and wellness over
your heart right now in
Jesus'name.
I'm going down. I see down in the
kidneys. I see kidney stones, very bad
kidney stones. These are
large, and they're very painful, what
you're going through, and the Lord is
dissolving those kidney stones right now
in the name of Jesus. I call healing over
those
kidneys, chronic kidney
stones being healed right now. Sharp with
edges, they're
dissolving right now, dissolving right
now, dissolving right now.
It's with the
chemistry of why the body keeps making
these.
Today. Today
is a good day. Oh, parsley. Oh,
parsley. Parsley. Parsley. Parsley.
Over the arteries and the
veins in their neck, I see healing for
arteries in the neck right here,
right here on the vena
cava.
It's been causing dizziness and
headaches. I see dizziness and headaches.
You may not even know this is going
on, why this is failing. But the
Lord's clearing those arteries right now
in the name of Jesus in your neck. I see
a vision of arteries flowing and the
blood pressure regulating. There's
things going on with these arteries.
I see it.
Now, on the
right ear, inside the eardrum, there's
someone believing God for a right ear.
Inside their eardrum right now, I see
your eardrum popping out. You're
going to start hearing right now. I
speak life into that ear. I speak life
into that ear. There's an anointing
going into that ear right now. Oh,
attach your faith with mine as I'm
calling this out, and receive it. Say, "I
believe I receive it. I believe I receive
it."And
it's not just calling things out;
I'm telling you what the Spirit of the
Lord said.
Digestive issues. I see a stomach.
Digestive issues. Leaky gut. Leaky gut.
Yep, I see it. And over the esophagus, the lining of the esophagus, I see a
hernia in
the esophagus,
and
the Lord's healing this in
Jesus'name.
Believe it. Believe it. Receive
it. Believe it. I see the
fire of God cleaning and healing this
right now in Jesus'name. Healing this
right now in
Jesus'name.
Chronic knee pain—I see knees right now
that are hurting to the point where
it's the cartilage in your knee. The Lord
said He's healing the knees right now in
Jesus'name.
I see a healing over that
knee, a healing over your knee. I call it
out.
Glory to God! Glory to God! Thank You,
Lord. Thank You, Lord, for the healings.
Thank You, Lord, for Your healings. I
believe today you're receiving
it.
Not just me calling out something.
Attach your faith. Say, 'I receive it. I
take what's mine. I
receive
it.'This
will be really interesting
now. Okay.
The Lord even cares about the sparrow.
But He said, 'You've lost your
dog.'Someone
lost their dog and they're
asking for their dog to come back home
right now. And the Lord said,
'I'm bringing this dog home.
Send your angels out right now to bring
this dog home.'Do you hear me? I don't
know who this is, but the Lord said,
'Call this dog home.'I saw the dog and
he ran away. I said, 'This may sound
really different, but I'm telling you,
the Lord said, 'Call this dog
home.''Something
precious to you. There's somebody
believing
for their dog to
come home. Now, that's just what I
heard. It's like a little dog. The Lord
said, 'Call this dog home. Call
this dog
home.'Okay,
this is what I just saw. Somebody's
believing for it. It's very
precious, dear, this dog. But
don't lose faith on the dog. The
dog's there, and you're supposed to
call them in. Call them in.
That's so interesting. Even the Lord
loves
a dog. But I saw this dog and it
ran away. And
the person's crying out and wants this
dog to come back, and they're missing
their dog. And the Lord said, 'Send
angels to go get your
dog.'You
know,
Billy Burke said that there was a
person who had their son in
jail. And they
said, 'Send the same angel that got
Peter out of the prison to go get
your son out of the
prison.'Right?
So he said, 'Why
send the same angel?'Because that angel
had experience. He got Peter out, so
he'll know how to do it. So this Billy
Burke felt like, by the Spirit of God, to
tell this lady at the altar when she
said, 'I'm believing for my son to get
out of prison.'Well, he prayed for this
lady there that night, an angel showed
up in the jail cell and said, 'I'm
getting you out of here.'And within
a couple of days, they released him.
Glory to God! Now, why do you say that?
Because the Lord said, 'Send your angels
to do something.'I don't know what kind
of angel has a special gift to go get a
dog, but I'm sure it's not a hard thing
to do, folks. An angel can do a lot, but
I believe with all my heart we're going
to send that angel out right now to go
get this little dog. You say, 'Why are
you going to waste your
time?'Because
it's dear to your heart. That's why. And
the Lord loves you. The Lord loves you.
You say, 'Well, Brandon, that seems way
out there.'Then don't believe it then.
But I'm telling you what the Spirit of
the Lord said. Believe Him for it. He
cares about even the smallest things.
You understand? He loves everything
about you, and He wants to have a
relationship with you. Nothing's too
big for our Father, and nothing's too
small. A dog may seem real small to you
when you say, 'There
are
so many people dealing with so
much, Brandon. Why a dog?'That's what I
hear. Why a dog? Because God
cares about a dog, because God cares
about your dog. God cares about all
things. He loves everything about you.
If we, being evil, give good gifts to our
children, how much more will your
Heavenly Father give good gifts to
those that love Him?
How much more?
And He feeds the sparrows, and He clothes
the lilies
of the field.
That was neat because I saw a dog. I
never see a dog when I'm praying like
that. But somebody's believing for their
dog.
I thought, 'Okay, well, I agree with you.'Hallelujah!
You've
got to tell us
when he comes home, when the little
doggy comes home, because I'm believing
God it's done. When I see it by the
Spirit of God, it's done. You
understand? I'm believing God it's
coming home. Supernatural. Hallelujah!
He's
probably outside on your porch right
now. You go out and open
the
door, he's there. He is. Hallelujah!
Father, I thank You.
That's so funny. Father, I love You so
much. Even the little things like that.
Hallelujah! Hallelujah!
Lord, You're so good to
us, Father.
Hallelujah!
Hallelujah! Glory to God.
He even cares about the dog.
Hallelujah!
Hallelujah! I got me a
little joy. Joy
unspeakable, full of glory.
They're saying, 'Holy Ghost
laugh.'Oh,
yeah,
it got me tickled because it
happened.
Hallelujah!
Thank You, Lord. Thank You, Lord, for times
of refreshing.
Glory to God. Hallelujah!
Hallelujah, Lord. Thank You, Jesus.
Father,
we thank You, Lord, for the
harvest. We're calling them in, Father.
We're calling them in. Glory to God. We
thank You, Lord. Now, the other part of
what I saw was the financial outpouring,
and the Lord talking about the great
outpouring of finances, a new wave,
believing for the kink in the hose to
be removed.
We pray over Judge Torres today that
these decisions with Judge Torres will
happen and come to a finalization this week
in
Jesus'name.
Let it go in
Devil, we're not wrestling against
humans, folks. We're wrestling against
principalities and powers, and that's
who is trying to hold back the
blessing from the body of Christ. And as
this was let go, I saw double, double,
then
triple. Boom,
like that,
like a rocket. Believe God.
Believe God.
I'm not saying which one it is,
but I'm telling you,
believe God. Double. And it was like
boop, boop, and then triple. It shot
up like a rocket.
All kinks in the
hose be removed,
for a time of acceleration has begun. A
time of acceleration has begun.
The fun has just begun. I
hear the Spirit of the Lord say the fun has
just begun for an acceleration
going into the fall.
Acceleration! A time
to be excited about it all. A great
acceleration.
Remember, I said
believe for big. Believe for big, big,
big! Whoa! Father, we thank You for big.
We thank You, Lord, for
the
great
harvest. We thank You, Lord, for what You
have in store.
Hey,
I see that disturbance in the water
again. It went from the blessing
going in, and now I see the water
moving. I see
the big red buoy
moving on the water again. What is this?
I see it out in the Pacific Ocean,
and it's moving up and
down. Big wave swells.
It's
another great earthquake
in the water,
out there in the Ring of
Fire.
This is a big one.
Another
tsunami. Another tsunami.
I'm seeing all along the
coastline from British Columbia. I see
it again. It's being brought out to me
again. Decisions will be made in the
days ahead.
Great decisions.
Canada.
I see Canada.
Pray over Mark's mind that he would make
the right choices.
Pray over Mark's mind that he makes the
right choices. He's going the wrong way.
He's already decided to go the
wrong way. But
concerning the
two-state
lining up on the wrong side of things,
it's over, and it extends into
England.
Earthquakes. Earthquakes.
Pray over his decision.
Every one of these places that decide
this and go
this way, you'll see great shaking in.
You're going to see that.
This is not just about
America. This is about the sheep and the
goats.
But as you see this, you'll see India. I
see India again.
The temples in India, I
see them completely crumbling within.
Oh,
I see the monkeys. I see the monkeys
again.
Oh, Jesus.
This is why the Lord said, "This is why
it's so important for my people to rise
up and vote the right people
in."You
say, "What does it have to do with
us? Why are we—"You're in the land.
It's your job to intercede for the man,
whoever's in that position of
authority.
Pray. Pray, for He hardens the hearts and
He softens the hearts. Pray.
If my people who are called by my name
pray, humble themselves and pray. Do you
understand? Praying into this. Praying
for President Trump. Don't let up
off the gas. Pray for President Trump.
Big decisions in the days ahead. Don't
provoke the bear.
We're not running in fear
over Putin, but there's things there
that you do not see. As the Lord said,
there's things there that you do not
see.
I see great earthquakes in the
Ring of Fire right now.
I see greater earthquakes, earthquakes
bigger than we've ever seen before or
had calculation of, you know,
like keeping
record—greater
earthquakes, acceleration of not
just tremors. I need you to hear this.
These are not just tremors like 5.0's.
I'm talking major earthquakes.
Historical.
Yes, big earthquakes are coming.
The earth's
crust is shifting.
It's shifting. The Lord said it's
shifting. It's from an outside source.
You need to hear me: an outside
source. The Lord says
there's things
that are influencing the
earth's crust.
The powers of heaven will be shaken.
I see an affecting of the crops.
I'm seeing plants, an
affecting of the crops. There's things
that are going to shift so much with our
weather. The weather and the crops, even
going into the spring, things are going
to change—an acceleration.
This is
what I see. I'll kind of pause
because I see it like on a
wheel, and as the
seasons—spring,
summer, fall, winter, spring,
summer—but
it's spinning faster. It's
spinning faster in
front of me. I see these seasons, and
I see arrows on
this
pointing this way and
that
way in front of
my face, but it's spinning, and as it
goes, it's moving faster and faster.
Seasons will change faster and faster.
Well, what does that mean to you?
I don't know, I'm just telling
you what I see. And it's accelerating
so
that you'll not know the
time from the winter to the summer. It's
going to change fast.
Weather
patterns are changing quickly.
And it's going to disturb the
animals and the crops.
Shifting in the soil,
shifting in the earth's
crust, shifting in the
magnetic poles, things
are changing. The tilt of the
earth will change, even how the light shines
on things, do you understand?
But don't
be afraid. He said, "I'm not
the author of
fear. I'm faith.
For
perfect love casteth out all
fear."You
understand? It's time for you to draw
even nearer. As you see these days
approaching, do you understand? The Lord
said, "As you see these days
approaching, as you see the time getting
shorter, as you see my Son is standing
on the door, it's time for you to come
up higher, higher, higher with the fire.
Great revival is coming
in your churches. It's
time. Be prepared for what's about to
take place. Don't wait until you start
seeing it take place to start in the
race."Do
you understand? You can't
wait until you start seeing them coming.
You've
got to prepare for them to come now.
Kind of like what Pastor Chip said:
we've
got to build the building now. Why?
What's the urgency right now? For the
harvest.
They're coming, but you can't wait to
build the building then. You've got to
build it now to get ready to catch them
with big gloves, big nets.
Preparation time for the harvest.
We have a window. They're coming.
The finances are coming to build the
structures to do what you've got to do. We don't
have a lot of time. The Lord said,
"You're running out of time.
Believe me for
bigger."It's
time to expect Him for what
you thought was impossible. I'm
hearing it. It's time to believe for
what you thought is impossible.
You'll have to resist healing in the
days ahead. Say, "I don't want
it."That's
what I'm talking about. That's
how easy it is—like picking ripe cherries
off a tree. Flowing in the spirit, just
like brother Hagin when he heard it,
flowing in the spirit will be like
a bird flying in the air, or
fish
swimming in the water. It's effortless.
This is what we're called to do. This
is
us flowing in the spirit in the
days ahead. When you're flowing in the
spirit and you're listening to
what the Holy Ghost is telling
you to do on a day-to-day basis,
listening and doing what He tells you, it'll
be as easy as taking a breath,
breathing in and doing what He's
called, flowing and swimming like a fish
or bird in the air, flowing in the gifts
of the spirit. You're going to see the
office of the prophetic, the pastor, the
teacher, the evangelist, the apostle.
You're going to see the ministry like
we've never seen it before, a blowing on
the pastoral gift like you've
never seen it before. I hear the Spirit
of the Lord say this: "You're going to
see people operating in the pastor's gift
and all of the five-fold ministry moving
in like a rope that's
tied together. And
you're going to see it, and as it's
pulled tight, you're going to see the
manifestation with the glory of God move
on all five
ministries—all
five, but they'll be like
one."And
we've never seen the ministries move
like this together.
No, I'm
talking about all of them moving with
great victory,
in
unity.
One accord.
Going together.
That's what I'm seeing. It will be
beautiful. He said, "Remember my
symphony.
As you hear the trumpets play
and the bass plays, and they make
beautiful music together, everyone
brings their supply.
And as you
bring your supply, it sounds beautiful
together.
One's not more important than the other,
but the chimes and it all makes
beautiful music together."That's what He
wants us to operate as—a body moving
together as a family. That's
why I say, "Welcome, good morning,
family."A
family that is like an orchestra
playing their part. You've got the tuba
section, you've got the drums, you've got
everybody, and we're all playing our
part. And the Lord says what is about to
happen
you have never seen before. Not one is
greater. No showboating.
It's just a body moving
together.
That's what I'm seeing right now in the
spirit. I see a beautiful symphony of
what He intended all along.
No ego. We attract to deflect.
Yes,
we give it to Him, but we flow together.
Why? To bring in all these people that
are lost out here. That's what He's
saying. There's billions of
them. They're dying and going to hell.
Forget yourself for a moment and just
get excited about what He's about to do
through you. Oh, hallelujah.
Are you all excited about what's about
to take place? The greatest move of God,
the greatest outpouring of the Spirit of
God is about to hit this when
Adam's lease is up. Watch. We're
praying over certain time frames. He
said, 'Pray over these. These are your
cues.
But you'll see the beginning. First the
blade, then the ear, then the full
manifestation.
You're going to already start to see the
first blade right now. We're already
walking in it. It's already starting to
rain. Do you feel the rain? It's the
Holy Ghost rain. It's beginning to rain.
You need to know
that it's beginning now. We're not
waiting.
We're receiving it
now. I believe the rain is on me. I'm
believing it right now. I receive. I'm
standing underneath that fire,
that Holy Ghost waterfall.
Come unto me, all ye that are heavy
laden, and I'll give you rest. Take
and drink. Drink of Him. Drink.
Father, I thank you. Thank you, Lord.
You said you'd give us rest today. Every
one of these people
is
believing for rest today. They need a
refreshing today. Father, I believe that
there's a refreshing for them today.
The
Lord said, 'Get back underneath that
river.'How
long have I been doing this?
An hour and 45 minutes.
Okay.
Are they enjoying this?
Do
they like the flow?
Yeah. 5.1.
Father, we thank you, Lord, for the Holy
Ghost flow.
Thank you, Lord. I appreciate you all
being here today. We're making great
headway. I'm telling you, I feel it.
We're pushing for the revival. We're
pushing for this. There's a
change that's coming in a
24-hour period. Everything you've ever
known is going to change. The way we
move as a church,
everything's going to change. The Lord
said, 'There's an expiration
date to what we've known.'The
Lord keeps
telling me, he said,
'Brandon, there's an expiration
date.'What
is that? It's the point of no
return. It's time to push. The baby's
coming, son. Do you understand? It's
like
labor
pains upon a woman, so will it be.
It's time to push. The Lord said it's
time to push. You're at the point of no
return. You can't get an epidural,
you know what I'm saying? You're at that
point. It's time to push. The Lord told
me in a 24-hour period, everything's
going to change.
It's time to believe Him. It's time to
believe for big healings and
demonstrations for finances,
everything we need to bring in
this harvest. There's a harvest coming.
But He said, 'This is it. This
is what we've all been waiting for.
We're the great finale.'Everybody
says,
'Oh, Brandon,
I've heard that before.'No, I'm telling
you. We are the great finale. We're the
whipped cream and the cherry
on top. We're the great finale.
Hallelujah. Hallelujah.
Do you all believe it? I want
you to be believing believers for what
He's about to do. The great wells of
revival—He's
uncapping the great
well of revival. It was capped off for a
season from the tent meetings from Jack
Coe
and Roberts and Kathryn
Kuhlman,
and everybody said, 'What
happened?'It
wasn't happening very much in
America. I'm telling you, there was a
cap on it. I saw a cap. And the Lord
said, 'I'm removing the cap. But not only
are you going to drink from this well,
Brandon, but they're going to go to the
depth of the bottom of it.
And those are deep
wells—deep
wells there. It's not a shallow
well of five feet; we're talking a major well
of
revival.'It's
time to believe for
what you go, 'Oh, God, here am
I. Use me,
Lord.'And
then the other part was, 'Don't become
familiar with what I'm about to do.
Don't take it for granted.'You say, 'Oh, it's
just another healing, it's
just...'Don't
become desensitized when
you start to see the manifestations of
His glory. 'Well, you know, I heard that
we had five people get raised
from the dead a couple of weeks
ago.'Are
you kidding me?
He's holy. Everything He's going to do
in these last days, don't be light with
it. Always give Him glory and praise,
even if it's a hangnail. 'Well, they got,
you know, the lady broke her toe and it
got healed. Well, you know, that's not a
big deal. I'm waiting for another dead
raising.'Give
Him praise for everything.
What you're about to see, give Him
praise for everything.
Stillborn
babies are coming back to
life right now.
I just heard it.
I'm talking about the dead babies in
the womb. There's something wrong
with the baby in the womb right now, and
the Lord said He's touching that
mother's stomach right now. You haven't
felt your baby kick and you've been
worried, and you think there's something wrong in the
natural. And the Lord told me He's
raising that baby right now.
There's supernatural
healing power flowing through your womb
right now, and you've been worried
about it today. There's something going
on. You've been going, 'What's going
on?'You
have a baby. The Lord's touching
that child right now.
The
Lord is touching that child right
now in
Jesus'name.
Everything's okay, mama. Everything's
okay.
The Lord said everything's okay. It's
going to kick right now. I call kick,
kick! Move! Move! Move! Life be!
Everything's okay.
Peace, be still. You're okay.
Everything's okay. The Lord said,
'Everything's okay. Everything's okay.
Be at peace today. Be at peace
today.'That's
what I just saw. I don't know who
that was for, but I just saw it.
Thank you, Lord. I love moving in
the gifts of the Holy Spirit when He's
showing me things like that. I saw a
baby not moving in there, and the
mama's upset about it,
and she's been worried.
And the Lord said, 'Peace, be
still, hun.'We're
going to
push one more time today.
We're going to push one more time today,
and there are things He's wanting
to say. And then He said, 'Then you
can
be done for
today.'There's
one more push. There's one
more push of what He's wanted to do.
Okay, that's what I just heard Him say.
And then I see,
okay, it's about the persecution
of
Christians over in the Middle East.
I see
our brothers and sisters in Iran and
these areas over there. I see
persecution. He said, 'Pray for
them.'And
this is in Africa. I
see people being slain. I'm talking
about major things that are not being put
on the news.
They're being heavily persecuted.
He said, 'Pray for them,
everyone.'I
sent angels. I sent angels of the
Lord. The angels of the Lord are camped
around our brothers and sisters. They
are
angels of the
Lord.
A thousand shall fall at their side and
10,000 at their right hand, but nothing
shall come nigh. Father,
they're bold in their faith. For
persecution comes for the word's sake.
But Father, I thank you, Lord, that you
give us great protection.
I see hostages. I see like they're
holding these women and
these children hostages.
I see they're African-American women.
They're African women and
African-American children. And
these women are Christian.
These are Christian people.
These children are Christians. And
this is in Africa, these are
African people. Okay.
They're asking for help today. They're
asking for help today.
We call you to release them right now.
You release these people right now. You
release them in the name of Jesus. You
release them. Turn your guns on
yourself, then let them go. Let them go.
Let them go in Jesus'name. Oh, lay them
down. Get
them off of these people. I see them.
They're pointing them
on these women,
these children, these men, these
bullies. I see them. Oh,
Father, I thank you that
angels of the Lord manifest. Angel of
the Lord, manifest more on behalf of
these children and these women
right now. I don't know who these people
are, but they're on their knees.
And I see them. They're crying on their
knees. I see these children. They're
crying on their knees. I see them. I see
you, brothers and sisters. I see you.
Oh,
I see
the men.
They hurt the men.
Oh, I see around over there. I see it.
They hurt those men.
Oh, Father
God,
oh,
we thank you, Lord, that you release these
women, these children
in this village, whoever this is.
We thank you, Lord. We have authority
over these demonic spirits that are
maneuvering in these men right now. I
bind you in
Jesus'name.
Release these children and release
these women right now in Jesus'name. I
take authority over these demonic
spirits that are trying to raise up in them.
We wrestle not against flesh and blood.
We wrestle not against flesh and blood,
Lord. But Father, I thank you, Lord,
that we have authority to tread on
serpents and scorpions and nothing shall
by any means hurt us. And we stand in
the gap. We stand on the wall. And we
pray for those women and those children
right now.
Thank you, Father. Thank you, Lord, that
you protect them. I thank you, Lord, that
it's
not too big for you or you
wouldn't show it to me. You wouldn't
show it to me. But Lord, as we pray, we
believe. As we pray, we believe. Father,
it's not defeated. And I believe you can
raise those people from the dead right
now. Those men from the dead. I believe
you can touch those men right now, Lord, lying
in
that dirt. I see them there.
Yep. I believe, Father, that you can
raise them from the dead, to spook
these guys out.
Send your angels, Lord. Send your angels,
Lord, right now in Jesus'name. Send your
angels, Lord, right now in
Jesus'name.
Father, I thank you, Lord. Father, we thank you,
Lord. I
call peace over those children
today.
I call peace over them.
I call peace over those little kids
right now. I see them. I call peace over
them. Hush, now it's okay.
Hush, now it's okay.
Peace over the trauma. Peace over the
trauma.
Oh, Father,
oh Father, over these children. Oh,
Father, the children.
We call, Father, the law of your love. We
release them now. Release them
now. Release them now. We release them
now.
Release them now.
Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. We
thank you, Lord. We thank you, Lord.
Glory to God.
Oh man,
when you see what I
just saw, it's very, very heavy.
But I know that our Father's working
on
our behalf right now.
We thank you, Lord.
I don't know who these women are, Lord,
but I thank you, Lord, that everything
the devil meant for bad, God, you're
turning it for good for them.
We stand on the wall. We pray for
our brothers and sisters in Africa.
Persecution. Persecution. I see it so
heavy.
They're precious.
They're so precious.
Oh, Father, I thank you, Lord, that your
warring
angels would war on behalf
of
them.
We send them now in Jesus'name. We send
them now in
Jesus'name.
We thank you, Lord, for justice for what
those men did.
I thank you, Lord, that you could even
raise those men from the dead.
I thank you, Lord.
I thank you, Lord. I see like a
red dirt. I see these trees. They look
like mesquite trees, and they're in like
this hut that has
no roof to it over here to the
side. It looks like there's half a roof
and there's like an opening
here and there's like a wall right here
that looks like it's made either out of
some kind of gray wood or
concrete. I'm trying to make it out when
I'm looking in this vision right now.
But I see the group of kids and there's
at least ten of these
children
and there's a group of women.
They're on their knees and they're
praying right now. That's what I was
looking at. I was looking at
a group of women and
the men are deceased. They're right
over here
and I could see them really
clear. And that's why we're praying for
these people,
just letting you know how real it is to
me.
But I trust him that he's got this or he
wouldn't show it to us, right?
It's not there to cause fear. It's there
so we pray and help them.
People go through so much.
Jesus,
I thank you, Lord, that you're sending
your angels right now.
your angels right now. You're warring on
our behalf right now.
Thank you, Lord.
Thank you, Father.
I thank you, Father.
Y'all agree with me.
They're going to get freed.
I'm thankful that they kept them alive
so far. You know, that's a blessing. I'm
thankful. But, Father, I thank you that
you bring those men back to life.
Glory to God.
Glory
to
God.
So we just trust you. We trust you,
Lord. We trust you, Lord, for moving
on
their behalf. We just thank you, Lord.
We thank you, Lord, right now. There's a
lot of people praying and we're all
believing you right now that these
people are free. I don't know who they
are, but you've got this. Thank you,
Father.
I don't feel quite released on it yet.
Oh,
the glory
of your presence.
We, your people,
give you reverence.
We thank you, Lord, that you're moving
on
our behalf right now. You're moving on
our
behalf.
So arise
from your rest and be blessed by our
praise,
and we glory
in your embrace
as your presence
now fills this place.
Oh, the glory
of your presence.
We,
your people,
give you reverence.
Father, we thank you, Lord.
The anointing is so strong right now and
I can feel it. And this is all over me.
I believe breakthrough is coming for
them.
Glory,
glory,
holy,
holy
is
the Lord.
Holy,
holy,
holy
is
the Lord,
for you are glorious
and worthy to be praised.
You're the lamb
upon
the throne
and unto
you
we lift our voice in praise.
You're the lamb
upon
the throne.
Holy,
holy,
holy
is
the Lord.
Oh, worthy,
worthy,
worthy
is
the Lord.
For you are glorious
and worthy to be praised.
You're the lamb
upon
the throne
and unto
you
we lift our voice in praise.
You're the lamb
upon
the throne.
For you are
glorious
and worthy to be praised.
You're the lamb
upon
the throne
and unto
you
we lift our voice in praise.
You're the lamb
upon
the throne.
Holy,
holy,
holy
is
the Lord.
Holy,
I believe we have breakthrough for them.
Hallelujah.
His presence is so wonderful.
In his presence there is fullness of joy
and everything you may need. No matter
what it may be,
he wants to meet you at the point of
your need today.
But I would be amiss if you're watching
this broadcast right now and I don't
introduce you to my friend.
All of this is for nothing if you don't
know
him—all
of it.
Today's your day for salvation. Today's
the day. If you're here and you're
watching right now and you've never
accepted Jesus Christ as your Lord and
personal Savior,
you may not have another opportunity.
This may be your last call.
For he said, 'I'm giving one last call
to the lost, Brandon.
I'm leaving the 99 and I'm going after
the one.
the one.'Are you the one today? You're
here. You've been backsliding. You feel
that? Well, 'I'm desperate. I'm
having a hard day today.'But you've been
far away from the Lord for quite some
time. But you just happen to click on
this video and you don't even know why
you're here. Let me tell you why you're
here. Jesus is giving you one last time.
Could be you don't get your life
straight. You're on drugs. You're doing
everything. You might step over. You
might be in prison. He's giving you this
window. Do you understand? Who knows
what tomorrow brings? All I know is we
have right now. And if you feel that
scratching on the inside of you, you
feel the presence of the Lord
telling you He's drawing you. It says
in the Bible that no man comes unto
the Father unless he's drawn by Him. The
Holy Spirit will draw you to Him. And
you feel that right now. You feel that
inward tug, and you're saying, "I don't
know what to do with this."Yeah, it's
time to come home.
"Well, I used to know Him.
I used to know Him, Brandon. I used to
be saved when I was little. I remember
when
I gave my heart to Jesus back
then, but I've fallen away. I've been
living wild as a
wildcat.
Whatever. I've got so much baggage now.
He'll never accept me back."Oh yes, He
will. Oh yes, He will. It's just like
the prodigal son. He went out and spent
all his dad's inheritance out there
and went acting dumb, lying with the pigs.
And he came to himself, and he said, "Why
am I doing this? I could go back and be
a servant in my dad's house. Why am I
doing this?"So he comes back, and
his dad is waiting with his
robe, and he's ready to kill the
fatted
calf and to celebrate his son's return.
Today is a celebration for you.
The moment you confess your sins is not
when Jesus found out about it. That's
the moment you got rid of it.
You may have all this stuff that you're
going through, and you're watching this
right now, and you're saying, "Brandon, I
need help. I'm strung out on drugs. I'm
strung out on porn. I'm strung out on
alcohol. I'm strung out on all these
things, and I need help today."Well, you
came to the right place. Jesus can help
you. Brandon can't.
Jesus can help you, but you came to a
person. I pray for you, and I'll
stand with you. And I believe as we lift
your head up to the Lord, you
say, "Jesus, forgive me."Now, if you're
here right now and this is speaking to
you, and you're far from the Lord and
you're ready to come home, we want to
pray with you. And as Jesus died
publicly, I want you to do something
publicly. I want you to put in that
comment section right now, put down
below, "I want to be saved."And when I
count to three, the Holy Spirit's going
to move on you. And I'm telling you,
right now is the day of salvation for
you. I believe that today is your
time of coming back to the Lord. Or you
may not know Him at all. And you're here,
and you're like, "Man, what is this
guy doing on here?"We're praying. And
I'm telling you, this is a relationship.
It's personal to me. I'm not talking
about religion, folks.
I'm not talking about joining up with the
Catholic Church, or the Baptist church, or
the Methodist church. I'm not talking
about being charismatic or
non-denominational. I'm talking about a
personal relationship with my friend
Jesus. He died for you, and He wants to
be your friend today. He wants to
be your Savior, but you have to
accept Him by faith, and you have to
confess your sins, and you have to
ask Him to be your
Lord and Savior today. So, I'm going to
say a prayer for you right now, but I'm
going to count to three, and I want you
to tell everybody in the
comment section down below. Tell
them,
say, "I want to be saved today. I want
to be saved today.""Brandon, I just
need to be saved today. I don't want to
keep living this way anymore."The very
shoes you put on to go to work today or
to the store today, the undertaker might
be taking them off, and you may not make
it home.
You don't know what tomorrow brings, but
I'm going to tell you, you have now. Now is
the time of salvation. Now is the time.
Now. So, as I say it, one,
two,
three. Make your decision right now. "I
need to be saved."Right now, feel that.
Tell us down below, "I need to be
saved."Tell
us right now. We'll stand with you,
and we're going to pray with you.
There's nothing too big for God to
forgive. It doesn't matter how bad
you've messed up. God's waiting with His
arms wide open. And we're here praying
for you. We're here praying for you.
It's not a coincidence that
you're here today.
God drew you here today.
So, we're going to pray this prayer
right now. Diana and I are going to
agree with you.
You may be watching this back
later. Who knows? I just know that
there's somebody out there the Lord told
me to say this for.
Say, "Father,
I'm a sinner,
and I need a Savior.
Jesus, I ask you to forgive me of my
sins.
I believe You are the Son of God.
I believe You died, and You rose again on
the third day.
I believe You're seated at the Father
making intercession for me right now.
Jesus,
forgive me
of whatever it needs to be that's
between you and Him. Forgive me, Lord,
for doing this or that, whatever.
Write my name in the Lamb's Book of
Life.
Cleanse me from all unrighteousness.
Today, I turn my back on the world. I
turn my back on the devil. And as of
this day forward, I serve You.
I'm sold out. I'm all in. I want to
serve You from this day forward. I
don't want any more of what the world
has, of the sin and all this stuff. I
just want You, Jesus. I want You.
Thank you, Lord, that You forgive me.
Thank you, Lord, that You said, 'If I
confess my sins, You are faithful and
just to forgive me of my sins and
cleanse me from all
unrighteousness.'The
Bible says, 'With the heart confession
is
made unto
salvation.'You've
got to say it with your mouth. You've got
to say it out of your heart. You've got to
believe with your heart.
You've
got to believe it. And I believe
today you've been born again. I believe
the angels in heaven are
rejoicing. I believe that
the great cloud of
witnesses is rejoicing. We're all
rejoicing. We're excited for you, and
we're thankful that you came home today.
There ain't nobody condemning you.
We
just want to love on you. Now, how do
you do this Christian walk, Brandon? You
get a Bible. You let this word of God
change you from the inside out. You find
a Bible-believing church. Usually, I would
say non-denominational is which one I
would go to.
Tell them, say, "I got born again
watching a YouTube broadcast, and I gave
my heart to Jesus today watching some
guy praying in another language I never
heard of, and I need to get water
baptized. I need to get water
baptized."Tell
them you want to get water baptized
there. And that's the
first step. That's one of the big steps.
And then pray every day. Come to our
channel, pray with us, and we just
want to rejoice with you. We're not here
to beat you down. We're here to
lift you up and tell you Jesus has a
plan for your life. These are exciting
times ahead. These
are
glorious days because guess
what? I believe now you have
your ticket to heaven. And these are good
days ahead for you. The past is gone.
"Behold, I make all things new"is what He
said. He doesn't remember any of
your sins. As far as the east is from
the west, He doesn't remember any of it.
He said He has cast them into the sea of
forgetfulness. And as of today, you're a
new creature created in Christ Jesus.
It's all by grace. You can't earn it.
Something you can't earn and something
you don't deserve, salvation is by
grace. He loves you. And He's ready
with His arms wide open. He said, "Come
on home, son. Come on home, daughter. I
love you."So, we rejoice with you
today. Now, you say, "Brandon, I can't
afford a Bible. You just told me to read
my Bible. I don't have any way
to—I'm
living paycheck to paycheck. We're
barely making it in this
household."Well,
you won't be for long.
We believe that those days are
done. God's going to start giving you
ideas. Now, listen, because you
are wall-to-wall
Holy
Ghost as it is right now, but you've got to
read this Bible. So, you say, "I can't
afford a Bible."Well, Diana, my wife
right now—she's the quiet one
next to me—we're going
to send you a Bible for free from
Amazon. So, you just tell us in the
description down below. Yeah,
our email is in the description down
below. And if you'll just put in the
subject line the title, say, 'I just
got saved and I need a Bible. I can't
afford one.'And we will put your
address in the description, and we
will only use that to send you the
Bible. We won't ever contact you again.
We won't spam you or anything
else. It's just simply to get
the Bible to you and
just to love on you, to say congratulations
on your decision today. And we have
the King James Version, the New King
James Version, the Amplified, the New
Living Translation, and the NIV. Those are
the ones we offer. So, if you look
online and you see one, you need
to understand what you're reading. So,
if you have a preference, just let us
know. Otherwise, we'll just get
one in the mail to you.
Well, hallelujah. We rejoice with
you as you made your decision today to
serve Jesus. I must choose to follow
Jesus.
No turning back,
no turning back. It's good. I'm
excited for him.
It is exciting.
Thank you for joining us today on our
broadcast. I know I don't usually do
this in the morning. I usually do this
in the evening, but I felt
the tug of the Lord saying to do it this
morning. There's somebody watching that
needed this today, especially about the
babies and all the healings that
took place today. I believe there's a
lot of you that got healed. If you just
tell us, email us and let us know
if that was you and your dog came home.
That was really cool, whoever that was
that lost their dog and couldn't find
it. I thought, 'Isn't that neat? God
would care even about that
dog.'We're
so grateful. I wait on
the anointing because when it
gets in the river, you just be patient
and then when it tugs and then he wants
to tell us. We're praying over the
buoy, there are big earthquakes and all
these things. There's a lot of things
the Lord showed us. We pray for a
de-escalation.
Thank you, I got my grammar
police here. They're good, they help me
out because, y'all, I'm telling you,
certain words get stuck. But
we're believing God for that. That's
what we're believing for.
Yes.
In the war when it comes to
Zelensky
because I'm telling you all this is a
very important week. This is a very
important week. You don't
understand, it's rice paper thin of what
the Lord showed me. I saw it and I was
laying in my bed and the Lord said to
me, he said, 'Brandon, a world
war,
WW3, a great acceleration of war
is about to come and you must pray.
You're running out of time.'And this
was out of my sleep. He woke me up and
so I started interceding in the
middle of the night, praying for this.
And so, there are warnings. He told us
these things would come,
folks—birthing
pains. This is it, the beginning of
sorrows. We're living in it. We're
living in the last days. It's amazing to
be here. He chose you and me to be a
part of this.
It's exciting.
Out of anybody that could have been
here, he chose you and he chose me.
And he said, 'I saved the best for last.
This was the best I had. This is the
best for last.'So we give God all
the glory, honor, and praise for
choosing us.
Well, if you're going to be around a
meeting, look for the itinerary
for Billy Burke and support him.
I always try to tell y'all
because, I'm telling you, I told you
about Megan and all the things. We don't
give Billy Burke the praise, we give
Jesus the praise, but God used Billy
Burke
and we always want to support him. I'm
telling you, I'd give the man the shirt
off my back because when you go through
what we went through so many times
with Megan and you see breakthrough,
you never forget
the people who helped pray you through
things.
Never. You always honor them.
You
honor the people who go
through the trenches with you.
And
you're not
alone here.
We're here to pray for you. We've been
there at the bottom of the
barrel. Like Brother Hagin said,
we've been at the bottom of the
barrel and the barrel is on top of us. I
know, I've been there.
But we're all a work in progress.
Some of us are further along than
others, but whenever you see somebody
that has a little more polish than you,
you try to learn how they got
there. That's what I say. I told
D, 'We've got to
learn.'They
got there and they've been doing
this for longer and they're still in
ministry; you better learn from them
because they won't always be here if the
Lord tarries. They'll go home.
So you better go grab on to
them
like Sister Billye's and
Billy Burke. I told my BBs, I got
my BBs: Billy Burke, Billy Brim.
And
his meetings have been some
of the most powerful times I've had in
the Holy Spirit. And
like I was telling Brandon, whenever
you get a touch from the
Lord and you're laying out on the floor,
you want to get up a different person.
You don't want to
just—and
I'm desperate for change. I'm desperate
not just to get up the same person, but
to get up for that lasting
change, that Holy Ghost inside of
you that just reverberates and
changes you from
glory to glory. And that's the
kind of touch that I
need. And that's what we've seen.
Yep.
I think that what she's
talking about is that we see so much
in
church, the courtesy falls.
Yeah. You know, you watch
Charismatic TV and I just go, 'This is
all...'I
don't like the show. I
don't go for the show. I
want a real experience
with my real God.
Christian television is bad to
me. I'm like, 'I
wonder
how many people watch Christian
television nowadays, versus who watches
YouTube.'How
many people are just hungry and
desperate for the real? I want
authentic. I get tired of—I don't want
showboating. It's like, just be
real.
You know, everybody has real issues with
real needs and real stuff going on in
their life, and people just need to be
real right now. Let's be
like—there's
no Hollywood celebrity Christianity
stuff.
Now, if I feel a warning about something
before I go to church, do you think,
'Well, Brandon's acting like he's a
Hollywood celebrity'or what? No, it's
because God already told me something's
wrong beforehand. He said, 'You need to leave
now. Leave early. You need to come
early and leave late'or whatever.
And he always instructed me, but I'm
always listening. So if you think, 'Well,
he's being rude,'no, there's something
about the conversation he doesn't want me
having. So he warns me ahead of time.
But I understand sometimes
people have ulterior
motives. But the Lord wants
authentic,
and ministering to folks,
trying to be a blessing.
Now, he'll protect you and he'll show
you, 'Don't do this.'And they don't even
know. That's why I said when you
are watching, you see days in advance
the Lord will say, 'This is what I'm
trying to warn you about.'I say,
'Okay.'I
love how personal he'll be with every
single one of you. He wants to be. Don't
you understand? You want God to be real
to you.
Is anybody hungry for just authentic and
what's real with God? Not celebrity, all
this stuff, performance. There's no
performance.
A fervent prayer of the righteous
availeth
much. And I had to
have her look up what a fervent prayer
of the righteous means,
because I was like, 'What does that
mean?'That
means enthusiastic.
And what that means is you get the job
done, basically. In simple terms, old
country boy terms, being radical
about your prayer. Not going, 'Oh,
God...'No,
I'm talking about praying like
you mean it. Let it come up out of your
belly like that river of living water,
coming
up out of your belly,
and let the Holy Ghost flow. He's not
passive. Jesus, I
don't know, should we listen to Him
today? Are our heavenly accounts kind of
running low?
No, He has
the
cattle on a thousand hills. His
storehouses
are full. You know,
when I went to heaven and I was standing
on the edge of heaven, let me tell you
something before we go—this will bless
you.
There were storehouses full of body
parts. There were storehouses of
green eyes, black eyes, brown eyes, all
kinds of different eyes, and they were
all in these silos.
And they were full of different
things that He had for His people if
you believe Him. I'm talking about
black arms, red arms, white arms, all
kinds of parts: legs, kidneys,
spleens, whatever you may need. You know
what I'm saying? They were in these
silos. But not only that, there were big
baskets full of coins, gold that
was being poured out on the earth for
this last harvest. And the Lord told
me—I
told Him when I was there and I
looked around, I said, 'What is it
you're showing me?'and I could see the
silos full. He said, 'This is for the
last harvest. This
is it. This is the final
hurrah.'And
these massive
angels were pouring out stuff. And I
saw bicycles because I said, 'What's a
bicycle there for?'He goes, 'Some
people do not believe for a car,
Brandon. Some people are believing for a
bicycle, but it's something I'm
showing you. There are bicycles.'And I saw
a massive wave, and it was at a breaking
point, and there were angels
on
chariots of fire behind
the wave, and I said, 'Lord, what
is that?'They were all in a line and
they had packages on the back
of these chariots of fire
with these angels. And these
angels—what
was that? Did you hear
that? I saw angels when I said that.
That was awesome. I heard
something; it caught me off guard
there for a second. Praise the Lord.
What was I saying? Oh, on the back of
these chariots of fire with all
these angels. They were dressed all
alike, these angels were, and they had
armor on, and they were
waiting for the instruction to deliver
those packages. And I
said, 'Lord, what were those
packages?'He
says, 'Those are end-time
mantles
that have never been seen
before. For what I'm going to do on the
earth in this last outpouring will be
something you've never seen before.
Expect the
unusual.'People
are used to people falling
out, touching people and they fall out
and everything, and they shake on the
ground. I'm talking about different
stuff we've never seen before—a Holy
Ghost whirlwind.
I'm talking about an actual
wind in the auditorium with people's
hair moving. I saw it—giftings of things
we've never seen before on the back of
these. And He said, 'I'm
distributing.'And
that's what happened when Sister
Billye
Brim told us she saw it. And she
said, 'The gifts are being distributed
on the body as a gift, as you
give
gifts to your kids during
the
Christmas season.'He said, 'I'm giving
gifts of blessings on My
people.'Now,
people get all upset about
Christmas, and they get bent all out of shape saying it's a
pagan holiday. You know, I celebrate
Jesus. I celebrate Jesus, and I celebrate
His birthday. If you don't want to
celebrate that time, I always say if you
don't want to celebrate that
timeframe,
then celebrate Him sometime because He
deserves it.
And I just choose to do it whenever the
world does. I said, 'We're going to give
God glory up in here. We're going to
worship Him here.'But I saw those gifts
being distributed now. They came as a
seed. I have to say that they came as a
seed, and they're springing forth
as first the blade, then the ear, then
the full manifestation. So that was six
months ago, seven months ago. So those
seeds of cultivation, there are things
happening
now. Not everybody
received their package because some of
the packages went back up. And
He said they weren't ready for it. They
rejected it because He's a gentleman.
God doesn't come and beat you in the
head and say you've got to do something.
He gives us
free will. But if you're willing and you
say, 'God, here am
I,'He's
going to use you in these last
days.
But I saw those packages being
distributed out. And I'm telling you,
the blade is coming up out of that
soil right now. I've seen it, the seed.
And it's time.
It's time. We're about to see a 24-hour
change, a major change. And this will be
something that happens, and it will be
so major that you're going to
feel it in the spirit realm. You're going
to go, 'What has
happened?'A
major shifting is coming.
And they say, 'Well, it's always coming,
Brandon. It's always coming.'No, I'm
talking about—I'm living in it now.
You're seeing first the blade now.
It's time to start walking in it now.
But you're about to see something we've
never seen before.
It's time to get excited.
But I saw the outpouring of creative
ideas about money, with certain
investments shooting like a rocket ship up.
It needed fuel in it, and
whenever the fuel funded the church, it
went and it shot up off the launcher. 5,
4, 3, 2, 1, NASA, we have liftoff.
You know, and that's where we're at
right now. Something major is about to
happen. And that's why I was telling you
about the three-and-a-half-year window.
He said, 'I'm giving you a window. I'm
giving you a window, Brandon, for a
major harvest.'Now, a lot of people
want to go home in September.
If we do, then praise God. But I'm
telling you, He told me, 'I'm
coming back for a church that's not
ready to retreat. I'm coming back for a
church who's on fire, and
I didn't create the armor for
running away,
for retreat. I created
it to take dominion and
authority.'Yes,
a lot of people are into escapism. They want to
say,
'Oh, we got to get out of here. It's
getting bad.'No, He said, 'Have
a backbone like a crowbar and take
dominion and authority in these last days,
and be a church without spot or wrinkle
and do the things,'because a spot and
a
wrinkle was demonic
oppression and sin. People were walking
in compromise and doing things, and they
had demonic oppression, and they're
walking around and they've got critters on
them and they go, 'Well, it's
okay.'No,
it's not okay. God called you to be a
whole man—spirit, mind,
soul, and body,
just like
Oral
Roberts. It's
the whole thing about Oral Roberts
University: 'Create the whole
man.'God
wants us to walk in wholeness, not in
defeat. But I'm telling you, He's going
after your loved ones. There are a lot of
you praying grandmas and praying mamas
out there that are going, 'I don't want
Johnny to go to hell.'He's not; we're
praying, and they're going to come home. 'I
don't want Sister Susie to go to
hell.'Whoever—I'm
just saying the names, but
I'm just saying whoever it
is—interceding
and praying and believing it,
interceding like Abraham did for Lot.
'I'm not letting them go to hell. We're
going to bring them out. We're going to
pray them
in.'Yes,
we're going to get them. He's
leaving the ninety-nine to go after the one,
ladies and gentlemen.
Well, I've said enough today. I pray
this video blessed y'all. I wanted to
tell you, Jesus loves you. Jesus loves
you so much, and He has a plan for your
life. Thank you for being a part of our
YouTube broadcast.
We don't ever ask you for
anything,
but we do ask you for this: please do
this for me. Like, subscribe, and click the
notification bell. I pray you would
have
already done it because it helps
with the algorithm, especially on live
streams. But like, subscribe, click the
notification bell. Do that for us
because we really need it. We really do
need it. Thank you for being a part of
our YouTube broadcast. We were so
excited. We got over 1,218
people born again.
Yes.
Isn't that amazing?
We're so excited. And we've
counted more. There's a whole lot more.
I'll tell you more about the next
round of people that got saved on the
other channels. But we wanted to
do this live broadcast for you today
just to love on y'all and tell you
there's hope. Jesus loves you so much,
y'all. Jesus loves you so much. And
there's such a great future for
us. It's going to be so light in
Canaan and it'll be so dark in
Egypt. And people are going to go, "What
is so different about them? There's so
much difference about them."Why? It's
because it's Jesus.
We
give all of the glory to Jesus
and tell of his wonderful love.
Put a smile on your face and a song in
your heart. Jesus loves you so much and
we love you. God bless you all and we'll
see you again soon. Thank you for
joining us today. Bye-bye.